[music]
>> You're looking at live pictures now from
the APEC Leaders [music] Summit in South
Korea. We are live for you from
Gyeongju, South Korea this morning,
10:00 a.m. [music] here in the city
where Chinese President Xi Jinping is
expected to speak later on. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvonne Man.
Good morning to all of you. I'm David
Ingles here in Hong Kong. We're also
[music] counting down to the final
sessions of the week, Hong Kong,
Shanghai,
and [music] in Shenzhen. Let's hear the
top stories today. Stocks across Asia
Pacific are set for a second week of
gains as you can see on the screens
right behind me here. You have trade
optimism where [music] Yvonne is
following President Trump's meeting with
Chinese President Xi Jinping.
But we have disappointing earnings out
of China [music] could drag on
sentiment. You have BYD in focus this
hour reporting a 33% slide in profits
that as industry competition [music]
continues to heat up.
But Apple is shrugging off a slump in
sales in China as it forecast a bumper
holiday sales season led by the latest
iPhones.
>> [music]
>> All right, the focus [music] now moves
from Busan back to Gyeongju, South Korea
Dave this morning. Of course, as we
mentioned CCTV reporting this morning
that Xi Jinping is expected to make that
speech here at the Leaders Summit. And
really, we'll see what he has to say,
right? The whole theme of this Leaders
Summit as the 21 leaders gather is
really going to be about economic
cooperation in the face of [music] a
changing world order. And you know,
whether he mentions anything about what
happened yesterday where you know,
Presidents Trump and Xi did try to dial
down the temperature and really try to
ease their ongoing trade war.
Yeah, I mean 12 out of 10 I believe is
how the US president rated that speech,
10 being the best. And I think that
really sets us up I think nicely when
you look at risk assets. You're looking
at live pictures right now I believe.
There we go. That is the Chinese
President Xi Jinping arriving among this
this list this long list of leaders
one by one making their way
into the venue. And of course, we are
expecting based on what state media have
reported in the last let's call it 30
minutes or so, a speech coming through
out of the Chinese president today.
We'll keep an eye on that in terms of
the exact timings. We're still trying to
figure it out. But in any case, of
course, lots of things to watch really
on the back of that meeting yesterday
that Yvonne was covering.
And if you think about it, this reset
for about a year. We'll talk again in
about a year. Scott Bessent in his
interview with Fox News talking about
how yep, in about a year's time they do
expect to be back at the negotiating
table to take stock of what they've done
last 12 months or so. And what this
really means for the further and longer
term relationship between between the
two things. But yeah, Yvonne, it's been
extremely busy where you are. Get us up
to speed what's going on right now
outside outside the venue.
Well, as you say, right? President Xi is
there. He just shook hands with the
South Korean President Lee Jae-myung.
There's going to be a lot of bilateral
meetings happening here. Now that
President Trump is gone and has headed
back to the White House, it is the
spotlight is back on the Chinese
president here when it comes to
diplomacy side of things. We just talked
about Takaichi and Lee Jae-myung meeting
yesterday. Takaichi now, the newly
elected prime minister of Japan is
expected to meet with Xi Jinping. She
wanted a summit with the Chinese
president here. Of course, there has
been long talks about whether we do see
some sort of trilateral between South
Korea, Japan, and China as well. And
yeah, as you talk about this whole trade
deal, one-year truce certainly doesn't
show it's hard to kind of say this is a
an inflection point in some ways. But
yes, we did see both sides willing to
dial down the temperature here. Let's
bring our chief in Asia correspondent
Stephen Engle. He joins us now from the
outside of the APEC Leaders Summit venue
on what's really in store here today,
Steve. And really, we're still talking
about what came out of these trade
negotiations between Trump as well as Xi
yesterday.
Well, I agree with you that the focus
now switches to Xi Jinping. So,
interestingly, we had Donald Trump for
the first couple of days. Then they met
at the airport yesterday and he flew
back to Washington and then it was Xi
Jinping's turn to take his role here at
APEC and also meet with the leaders as
well that Donald Trump some of whom he
met. Of course, he's going to have a
likely meeting today with Mark Carney,
the Prime Minister of Canada. And you
mentioned Sanae Takaichi from Japan also
later today. But we will be watching and
listening closely to Xi Jinping's speech
today.
I expect it to be a similar type speech
that he's given in the past where it
needs to be, you know, a rules-based
global order and multilateralism instead
of unilateralism or or bilateralism and
promoting a rules-based order for global
trade.
Whether he uses the word after, you
know, 24 hours after meeting Donald
Trump bullying, which is a common word
that the Beijing authorities have used
in a not-so-veiled reference to the
United States, will also be interesting
to see
what the springboard from that fairly
you know, cordial meeting with Xi
Jinping with Donald Trump will be like
going forward. You mentioned about this
one-year pause and then we'll
renegotiate every year is essentially
what Donald Trump has been saying. He
says it will be routinely extended this
trade truce that they came to
a meeting of the minds yesterday on. But
it doesn't resolve the long-standing
structural issues in the competitive
nature of the two nations. So, we'll
have to see. Every year we might be
seeing what we had previously seen in
past US and Chinese administrations and
that is sort of a strategic and economic
dialogue held every year to get over
some of those
nitpicky issues that kind of build up
and build up and become bigger issues
over time. So, I'd like to see how that
you know, transpires going forward. But
one thing that is clear, Jamieson Greer,
the US Trade Representative
fresh back from the Asia trip speaking
on Fox News was essentially saying we're
not scrapping this investigation which
they launched a week ago into China's
compliance of the first trade deal from
the first Trump administration.
You know, we thought a lot of these
issues would be tabled for a while,
tabled for a year. But Jamieson Greer
says, "No, we're going to continue with
this investigation." Because again,
China had committed to buying a
significant amount of corn, a
significant amount of soybeans that last
time. But according to the corn and
soybean associations,
they fell far short of that commitment.
Granted, the pandemic happened after
that trade deal happened. So, that kind
of disrupted a lot of those commitments.
Steve, we'll be back with you later on.
Of course, Stephen Engle outside the
venue there where as you can see on your
screens right now, some of the world
leaders are already gathering there for
this APEC Leaders Summit that's about to
begin. We understand from state media
just to reiterate that that Chinese
President Xi Jinping is set to speak
today there at the summit. Okay, we will
table that for now. It certainly
provided a platform for risk assets to
do quite well. I you know, I let me let
me also caveat that by also saying when
you look at the US futures for example,
a lot of this is also down to the
massive after-hours move we're seeing in
the likes of Apple. So, we are getting a
decent run-up into the weekend here.
When you look at Asian stocks, two
straight weeks global stocks extending
that by a week to three straight weeks.
We'll look at BYD a bit later on. Of
course, as we look ahead to these
earnings and the earnings reaction
there. In fact, later on I'll show you
this what happened overnight and some of
the listings there. Dollar is softer
following that massive repricing around
the Fed. We're coming off the best day
for the dollar in several weeks at
12:17, 12:18. We're back to the highest
levels there since July. On the US
dollar yields also as you can see have
picked up from 24 hours back. We'll talk
about Japan in a moment because there's
a bit of a nuance here with the
inflation print which did come through a
bit hotter than expected. So,
we've come off the 154 handle.
Very quickly on metals, I won't spend
too much time on this. But this large
industry group, the top industry group
in China effectively calling for a
ceiling on capacity. Golden Dragon
Index, a lot of the big tech plays
overnight in focus. Massive move down in
KWEB. Baidu and as you can see, BYD was
off 4%. We're looking at about a similar
amount
in terms of the indications going into
the open today. And A50 futures coming
up on your screens. The opening bell 21
minutes away. We should be pointing
slightly higher on A50 coming up. There
we go, 2/10 of 1%. Right, what else to
watch? Yvonne, let me bring you back in.
So, we have of course Chinese President
Xi. He is set to speak. What else are
you tracking, Yvonne?
Yeah, so we'll see how these the speech
goes. CCTV saying it's Friday morning.
So, we'll bring it to you once we hear
more. And really, what we're talking
about is the handover ceremony, right?
Because APEC does move to China next
year. So, that is kind of part of the
theme here at APEC as well. You
mentioned about BYD. It was a 33% hit or
slump in quarterly profits. So, could be
a big one there for the EV sector. And
we're watching of course this tech route
as you mentioned. We have some eco data
coming out of China as well as in Hong
Kong here today. We're focusing on the
Apple story here on the suppliers in
particular because it was the guidance,
right? This blockbuster holiday season
when it came to iPhone sales. That
really set the stock uh flying after
hours as well. And still we're still
talking about the some earnings a little
bit later on here also. So, certainly
going to be a big one. Li Auto, JD.com
Expressway all reporting results today.
Uh we're going on to back to live now at
of course uh those live pictures
certainly in just a moment once we bring
that in. But David, let's talk a little
more about earnings, right? It's still
kind of the key thing here beyond just
the geopolitics and what we've been
dealing here in Gyeongju.
Yeah, I mean we've been trying to
balance really and just in the finite
amount of airtime and space we have here
in the shows. It's really been a
challenge. And it's it's it's I think in
a really that's a that's a good problem
uh to have. That takes us back into In
fact, I think I'm just looking back
here. We had my camera my notes, please,
on Apple. Thank you so much. Uh I think
we I just passed it on there. Uh so,
okay. We'll talk about Apple here. So,
the actual results were okay. The
guidance actually was the one that the
market reacted to.
Uh we were up 3 4% in after hour
session. Really good guidance as it
pertains to this
uh surge that they are expecting ahead
of the holiday season. Edison Lee is
with us right now, head of China tech,
telecom, and software research at
Jefferies. Uh he joins us right now to
talk us through these earnings. He of
course has an underperform rating on
Apple. They put that
>> [snorts]
>> rating back I think about three or four
weeks back. Uh Edison, good morning and
thanks for thanks for coming thanks for
coming on the show. So, just help us
understand how are you thinking about
Apple now following well, for one, your
downgrade three weeks ago. And do these
earnings make you change your mind in
any way, Edison?
Well, I think that the iPhone sales are
certainly better than expected. Uh but I
also think that it is driven mainly by
very smart and aggressive pricing by
Apple. So, number one on the Pro and Pro
Max model, they haven't raised prices
three years in a row even though bomb
costs are rising.
Uh and I think that they priced the base
model uh pretty aggressively this year
with double the memory but charging you
the same price. And that also allows
them to get into government subsidy
program in China. Uh and that's why that
is driving pretty strong growth in
China. But I think that going into next
year there will inevitably be more
margin pressure because memory price is
going through the roof. And I think
Apple is moving to 2 nanometer as well
next year.
Uh and that's why I think that they have
to raise price next year.
Okay, what does that mean for demand?
Well, I think with uh price increases,
uh you cannot be too aggressive in your
demand forecast. Uh if you look at the
sales situation of iPhone 17 this year,
it actually tells you that uh demand for
iPhone is actually price sensitive,
right? Because there are no brand new
features that your existing iPhone
cannot do. So, that's why uh if you
price it if you price it aggressively,
there will be replacement demand. If you
price it high, then the replacement
demand may not materialize.
Edison, I was going to get your take on
Apple in China. I mean 14 and a half
billion last quarter in terms of
revenue. That was fell short of
estimates here and really falling some
3% or more. You know, it seems like
they're really kind of being you know,
competing and actually losing out a lot
of competition locally there. When do
you see Apple you know, returning to
growth in the mainland?
Well, in fact, I'm not that worried
about China because as I said, they
priced the base model of 17
more [clears throat] aggressively in
China than outside of China. My estimate
is that the price in China is actually
10% lower than outside of China. Uh and
we have seen pretty good demand based on
some data points that we spotted.
Uh and we think that fourth quarter uh
they will actually get back to positive
growth. Uh but of course as I said, uh
if they are priced aggressively every
year, there will be margin implication.
So, this year I think is a very smart
pricing strategy and there is government
subsidy which is actually helping
uh iPhone sales in China.
Edison, you're one of the few in
industry that actually has an
underperform on the stock. I believe
you're just one of four.
Can you tell us
what you know,
what what what what's behind that sort
of call here right now? I know you
mentioned that a lot of the optimism
around iPhones and you know, is really
in the price. What what else do you
think it is the rest of the market
missing?
I think that the entire smartphone
market is a very mature market. Uh and
this replacement demand is price
sensitive. And if there are no brand new
features such as AI that can actually
convince most of the consumers to
uh buy a new phone right away, I think
that there will eventually be slow down
and there will be eventually margin
pressure. Right? As I said earlier,
component costs are rising. Particularly
right now because of AI, memory pricing
is rising. Uh and that's why if they
raise the price to cover additional
cost, that actually can impact demand
unless there are brand new features. But
at the moment, we are not really seeing
brand new features driven by AI that is
telling consumers that you need to buy a
new phone because their existing phones
would not have those functions. Uh and
that's why that replacement cycle will
accelerate. I think that's what the
bullish
uh investors or analysts are looking
for, which is an accelerated replacement
cycle. But so far, what we are seeing is
that it's more price sensitive. Uh and
the strong demand is actually driven by
more aggressive pricing or disciplined
pricing than new features.
Yeah, but clearly Edison, thinner making
the iPhone thinner is not not not enough
as far as you're concerned. Edison, if I
could just ask you about well, Chinese
tech if we could pivot the our attention
there. So,
uh I want to ask you about Xiaomi. So,
what's happened with the stock? And
what do you think the market's pricing
in? Do you think this is just profit
taking that's taken place? Because I I
also believe I understand that you think
the sell-side might be a little bit too
optimistic over the stock price. What's
your thinking on Xiaomi?
I think that the smartphone business is
under more structural pressure mainly
because as I said, Apple is pricing the
iPhone 17 more aggressively. Uh and that
actually will make it harder for any
Android brands to move up market.
Uh and then I think the majority of
their sales outside of China on
smartphones are still mid to low end.
And that will also put them under more
margin pressure
uh when memory prices continue to go up.
But we like the ecosystem a lot.
Uh we like the EV business. We also like
the IoT business. And we think that they
are probably the only consumer
electronics player in the industry that
can actually offer this unique
ecosystem. And every item that they sell
collects data that allows Xiaomi to
understand their consumers' daily habits
uh even more deeply than the like of
Apple. Uh and that's why we think that
longer term the ecosystem is still very
unique. There is a lot of AI potential
that Xiaomi uh potentially will be able
to offer that allows them to continue to
gain share and also increase their ASP.
But it is true that in the short term
uh there is more pressure uh mainly
because of rising component costs for
the smartphone and also Apple becoming
more aggressive in trying to defend
market share in the like of China.
Edison, what we got here from in Busan
was that when it came to these
discussions around chips in the US,
Blackwell, that AI processor line from
Nvidia, was not discussed in China. That
is still something that you know,
Chinese companies cannot get access to
right now.
Is there anything actionable on on news
like this? Should I be kind of looking
still more at some of these homegrown
chip makers? Are they likely to benefit
from news like that?
I think longer term, China definitely
wants to be able to make its own chips.
So, I'm actually not sure about how much
interest China has in buying the more
advanced that US AI chips. Uh but of
course, China is somewhat capacity
constrained, right, on semiconductor
mainly because they are also restricted
by the US on semi cap equipment.
Even though the two leaders did not
really talk about chips yesterday, but
I'm sure that it's going to be part of
the discussions over the next three
months.
Uh and there will be more details that
the two teams will have to work uh on
over the next three months. So, that's
why I think yesterday the major
announcement made by President Trump, I
think it's more on the key points that
he wants to advertise to the market. I
think there are still a lot of work that
needs to be done by the two teams on
exactly how they can actually reconcile
the differences and how they can make
think how they can actually move things
forward. Otherwise, if there's no
agreement or consensus on those
differences, I think it's difficult to
have a sustainable trade deal.
All right, Edison, thank you so much for
the time, sir. Appreciate it as always.
I'll talk again soon. Edison Lee there,
head of China tech, telecom, and
software at at Jefferies for [music] us.
Right, we're just under 12 minutes to
the opening bell Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong.
The final session of the week is just
ahead. A full preview of [music]
everything that's in store today if we
could fit everything in in shows today.
Happy Friday to all of you. Good
morning. This is the China [music] show.
>> [music]
>> Right, one stock in focus, BYD. [music]
We're almost at the brink of 100 but
down 3 and a half percent. Bad earnings
coming through, 33%. We'll talk more
about this in a moment. Plus of course,
HSBC joins us in about an hour's time to
further unpack these earnings and what
they really means for the stock price
moving moving forward. Right, let's get
it back directly on more broader markets
right now given all the events this
week, earnings, monetary policy
meetings, and of course, geopolitics in
Korea. Joining us this morning is
Christie Tan, investment strategist at
Franklin Templeton Institute. Christie,
good morning and thank you for coming on
the show. The US President, I'm just
reading the the headline here from the
FT, hailing this summit a 12 out of 10.
Does that mean we can relegate now
geopolitical risk, trade tensions
further down that risk spectrum?
I think that is um I would say that you
know that is
warrants a discount to that to that
rating, right?
The the the Busan summit definitely did
deliver some
progress and this was achieved you know
in in terms of diffusing the global
trade tensions. But I would say that to
extend that to say that the geopolitical
risk premium has declined significantly.
I think that would be a bit far-fetched
at this juncture. And but there is a
positive tone that's being built on the
bilateral trade discussions and that's
not just between US and China but also
you know early part of the week between
US, Korea and even Japan. So we're
definitely looking at you know these
deals or frameworks being developed,
right? And
overall I think definitely what's been
achieved is a de-escalation of the
global trade tension.
Okay, so if if that's the case, can I
continue to buy Chinese equities? What
what's in store for the rest of the
year?
Well, for Chinese equities and I recall
that we have this conversation sometime
last year and we've been constructive
and bullish on Chinese equity since and
should we continue that level of
optimism on Chinese equities, I think
the answer is yes. Well, mainly because
there is this policy support that is
coming out from the fourth plenum and
this is about rebalancing growth. This
is about attaining the quality of growth
and a lot of focus is increasingly on
private consumption and investments.
Yes, we have heard about this before but
I think there is a more targeted
approach going ahead and because this is
the start of the next five-year plan
the the GDP target of 4.5 to 5% I think
that will be implicitly
the continued a long-term target and in
order to meet that objective a lot of
the policy measures have to deliver have
to start delivering and we're talking
about you know private consumption
measures. We're talking about the
development of tech and AI in the space.
So if you're looking at where to invest
in China a few of the sectors that have
recently been caught investors attention
is that you know there has been some
kind of a shift in in sentiment. I think
investors are still
adopting some cautious sentiment on
China but there has been a shift from
say growth or the tech sector to the
value or the dividend sectors. But
having said that I think that this is
not something that will continue to
persist in in in the concentration of
one sector to
to another but there is this theme that
is you know we are definitely
have been delivering that is basically
that the market is broadening. So the
market's broadening outside of the US
the market's broadening also within you
know Asia and definitely within China.
Yeah, more stocks in focus. Christy
we'll have more with you in a couple of
minutes. Christy Tom will be staying
with us.
She's of course with Franklin Templeton.
We'll be revisiting that of course in a
couple of minutes at the market open.
Just very quickly going into the open
today so pre-markets are coming up
within this. We're in the thick of
earning season. BYD is one of the names
we're tracking. The other one being
China Vanke which reported a deeper loss
but in terms of BYD there we go. Market
reaction is one that is clearly
to the downside. We're down 3 and 1/2%
on that. Other stocks we're tracking
going into the open today. You have BYD
of course coming up on your screens.
You've seen it. Cosco Shipping, China
Vanke. I think give or take we're about
plus percent into earning season.
MSCI China specifically most have
actually missed on revenue and also as
far as income. You know it's not the
other side to that story is markets have
actually been rather
lenient. They've actually reacted more
positively than negatively on the first
day after the earnings release. We'll
have a look at the data in closer
detail. Yeah, banks as always anyway
this is the bank story. Apple suppliers
in focus following the guidance coming
through out of Apple overnight.
Futures are up after hours are up. US
futures are up and yeah nothing much to
tell you about as far as this is
concerned. Also coming up by the way PMI
numbers coming out of China in about
just over 3 minutes from now. We'll get
you those numbers once they do break.
Plus of course we also have some
economic numbers coming through out of
Hong Kong. September retail sales plus
GDP numbers are coming through as well
here in Hong Kong. The opening bell is
just over 3 minutes away. We
>> [music]
>> are going into the weekend with some
momentum across the Asia Pacific. Maybe
the same can't [music] be said
when you look at these greater Chinese
markets. Plenty more ahead here on the
China show. Good morning.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. Happy Friday. You're
watching the China show. We're counting
out the market opens there in the
mainland and here in Hong Kong and
certainly we are still waiting for the
dust to settle on this whole trade deal
between [music] US and China. Seems like
investors are putting that on the
back of their minds here right now.
We're focusing a little bit more on the
earning side of things. BYD already in
the pre-market is showing here it could
be a bit of a a drop here at the open
but certainly [music] the focus here at
APEC really Dave is going to be Xi
Jinping. The spotlight back on the
Chinese president now that President
Trump has returned to the White House
>> [music]
>> and that speech he's going to have
any moment now it seems.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, and we'll wait for that of course
and what he says and how he addresses of
course given the theme of course there
of sort of inclusive economic
cooperation given the changing world
order is certainly really good context
following also that reset in relations
and that reset in economic dialogue over
the next we'll see you in 12 months I
guess is one thing. It does open up the
door though to visits, right? Donald
Trump to China and shortly after that I
believe is in terms of the sequence of
events is perhaps the a visit of the
Chinese president to the United States.
All that is just to say we're looking at
markets right now uneventful open. A lot
more pressure coming through in tech
which is really what the the price
overnight did indicate the likes of
Alibaba and Baidu coming up shortly on
your screens perhaps following the move
down
in the US session overnight. The also
the other story as well is BYD that's
going to be come up on your screens very
shortly on the back of those earnings
release that's come through and not a
good set of results. Minmin will be
joining us in a couple of minutes. Look
at that. We've now taken out the 100
level on BYD. We're down about 5%. Yeah,
market's not taking this one
not taking this one well. Just very
quickly before we turn it over now to
Minmin for a breakdown of that. Yvonne
you're looking at the PMI numbers.
Yeah, so we're taking a look at what it
comes to manufacturing PMI. That was a
miss at 49 for October. So the estimate
was for a 49.6
print and this is showing another
further softening of these numbers here
and marking now a seventh straight month
where these PMI numbers have been in
contraction. You're seeing that quick
whipsaw in the in the beer seeing a bit
of weakness in the back of these
numbers. But yes, there is a bit of a
caveat around it given the fact that
this was of course during the national
holiday. So seasonality is one thing of
maybe why the numbers were a little bit
weaker here, right? There was a bit of a
holiday lull. Also maybe some
uncertainty around these threats of US
tariff escalation as well. So there you
go. 49 when it comes to
manufacturing PMI. When it comes to the
non-manufacturing side of things that
was in line. We're talking about 50.1 so
it's still when it comes to that
expansion on the non-manufacturing side,
Dave.
Yeah, I mean the currency is telling you
already how bad this number is, right?
We're looking at some really visible
weakness coming through in the Chinese
currency. I want more context really
Yvonne what you're saying at 49 it
actually missed
everything. It missed all the forecasts
there. So seasonal
adjustments being made. You would
imagine of course that somehow that
should have been taken into
consideration when you look at these
forecasts but yeah that also just means
to say it's also more difficult to
extrapolate a a projection because of
the seasonality factor just to obviously
split the difference there. Anyway,
okay let's turn our attention now to
another one that perhaps also missing
the mark here which is earnings and that
is BYD.
33% down. That's quarterly profit.
That's year on year to be more specific.
You have domestic competition. You also
have a drop in revenue as well. Let's
bring in our China correspondent Minmin
Low here in Hong Kong and Minmin the
stock price reaction is already quite
telling on this one. Yeah, and it wasn't
that long ago that this company was
making headlines for beating Tesla on
sales but now there's increasingly a lot
of concern over its profitability
because it's down 33% this quarter. That
follows from the second quarter a
decline of 30% in net income. And this
time the sales was also down 3%. Vehicle
deliveries down 1.8%
and the company already cut its goal
this year by about 16% in terms of
vehicle sales. The only bright spot now
is the overseas push because overseas
sales was up 160% and this company has
been doing very well in the EU, in the
UK. The EU for example it saw a fivefold
increase last month on year. It's also
just launched this mini K car in Japan
the first one that it's launched um
after I think I believe it's fifth
product that it's launched in Japan and
that's a notoriously difficult market
and this a mini car expected to do a
little bit better from than its previous
products. But still, the overseas sales
not enough to offset that margin
pressure domestically because of the
intense price competition.
Yeah, Mayne Mayne, then what what's
next, right? If if even overseas
expansion, I think BYD's Joanna Chen
told us, you know, it's it's a pivotal
year 2026 for that. Still not enough to
offset what's happening domestically.
How can it recover from what's going on
domestically?
Yes, so so overseas expansion is one
part is really doing very well in the
developed markets like the EU and the
UK. It's also expanding into emerging
markets like South Africa, heavy
investments there to build out the
infrastructure, the charging stations
there. But domestically, quarter four is
expected to look a little bit better
because consumers are expected to front
load any purchases to make use of any
existing subsidies that could expire by
next year because we're still not sure
whether the Chinese government will
renew those 300 billion yuan subsidy
program next year. So, next year 2026
sales is going to be under a lot of
scrutiny, but one of the reasons why
sales has been lagging in the third
quarter some analysts say is because BYD
has been focusing on destocking its
current inventory as it looks towards
new product launches in 2026. So, any
tech upgrade, new product mixes, those
could be new catalysts for growth. All
right. Thank you.
Thank you.
All right. Mayne Mayne, thank you. Our
China correspondent there
with a breakdown on BYD. Of course, as
we talk about those shares continuing to
be falling here this morning. We're
going to continue the conversation
around BYD coming up. We got HSBC Global
Research's Yu Chen Ding joining us to
explain why they're still making a buy
rating for the stock, Dave.
Yeah,
B U B U Y, not not not B Y E. Okay,
Christie Tan is still with us,
investment strategist at Franklin
Templeton
Institute. Christie, so the
So, we talked about the Apple story,
Amazon, decent earnings out of US tech.
We we have this fantastic piece that's
out on the Bloomberg today that talks
about when you look at the Asia Pacific,
so Korea, SK Hynix, Samsung, you look at
Japan, Advantest.
You know, the role of tech in investment
strategy, how do we need to be looking
at concentration risk in equity markets
right now?
>> Oh.
That's a really interesting question.
So, one of the themes that we have
mentioned, you know, that we think will
play out across 2026 is essentially the
theme of broadening. So, we are not just
saying that the concentration risk in in
the in in the US, I think that is
reflected with the regards to the market
cap of the Mac 7. That has shown some
signs of broadening and and broadening
will actually be positive for continued
bullishness in the equities markets. And
we think that applies as well across
Asia Pacific. And the broadening theme
extending from the US over to Asia. So,
if you're looking at I think you've seen
the the latest results out of
China with regards to the the EV makers,
right? So, you're looking at some at
some sectors that has,
you know, done well in the past, but but
needs, you know, a certain push or, you
know,
a booster to continue to do well. But
the underinvested sectors as, you know,
if you're looking at just China and even
I think the concentration risk in South
Korea is significant, right? I think the
the huge outperformance in the Korean
equity markets almost up 70% year to
date in in the Kospi
is essentially highlighting highlighting
that concentration risk. And we do think
that for the
for the equity markets to continue to to
to to extend its strength,
that broadening trend
well emerging out of just concentration
in Samsung or SK Hynix, that will be a
precursor to better performance or
strength continued strength in the
Korean equity markets. So, in China,
in foreign investors are still
underweights, right? And we do think
that, you know, there has been a lot
more optimism that has been building not
in the EV space because that's
essentially where the
the involution or excess capacity and
perhaps reduction in demand will
will will emerge as, you know, problems
and potentially structural. But in terms
of China, the high-tech fields that is
around
AI, around robotics, biotechnology,
automation, that continues to show signs
of growth and progress. And we are
looking at two indicators going forward,
right? Along with the broadening theme,
one is liquidity. So, where the markets
liquid when where liquidity is actually
flowing into these markets, we think
that these markets will do well. So,
definitely where interest rates are
being reduced and we're seeing this
happening globally, these markets will
continue to be fed with a lot of
liquidity. And earnings. So, earnings is
the other important driver for these
markets to continue to
attract capital. And we do think that,
you know, this this earning seasons
we've seen in the US is pretty good. I
think 85% of those that have
reported earnings thus far has shown,
you know, they beat expectations. And we
would like to see that happening across
Asia Pacific as well, be it in Korea or
increasingly in Japan. And also, you
know, in in China and some of the Asian
counters.
Yeah, Christie, you mentioned about the
Fed in the face of all this. I think the
market up until
maybe this week thought we were going to
see rate cuts in December. I think Jay
Jay Powell really kind of poured cold
water on that in his latest FOMC
decision. How should I be looking at
that? Is that going to be a tailwind
that basically has now have to be
reduced in this market?
I think we saw overnight markets reacted
to that, right?
And
the Fed has definitely raised the
probability that the October cut
yesterday was going to be the last for
the year. And that's not been priced in
yet by markets, but potentially markets
could start to price in the other
extreme as well that this could well be
the last cut in in the whole cycle. So,
after all, I think it could be justified
that inflation environment is still
around 3%. So, it's still elevated. And
at the same time, I think, you know, Fed
Chairman Powell shows that, you know,
there are two dissenters as well. So,
the Fed is getting more and more
divisive in terms of policy direction.
So, we've seen that, you know, the
December rate cut expectations being
tapered to around 60% or so from above
80% and I think going forward, we could
potentially still continue to see that
markets price out expectations of more
rate cuts. And in that effect, is that
going to be
a huge negative driver for for the US
equities markets? Now, the Fed is not
cutting also suggests that the economy
is not tanking. So, I think we're
looking at the economies that still
showing signs of resilience. And which
also means that, you know, if you then
look a layer lower at the companies and
companies' performance,
we want to see all these AI and the
capex spending into these AI sectors
being delivered as productivity gains or
as savings in in in companies that are
deploying these AIs and and automation.
And so, that will help to improve
companies' bottom line as well. So, I
think that is the offsetting factor
which a lot of investors are definitely
looking beyond what the Fed policy will
do. So, the economy's resilient, company
earnings will still continue to deliver,
and we'll start to see that productivity
gains from the AI deployment and from
the return in all these capex
showing up. So, I think that will be
supportive of risk assets.
All right. So,
bullish. Christie, thank you so much.
Christie Tan, happy Friday. Have a good
weekend ahead. Investment strategist at
Franklin Templeton Institute. Right,
we'll take a short break. Time for
stretch to stretch your legs, what have
you, whatever floats your boat. We'll be
back in a couple of minutes.
Welcome back to the China show and some
other headlines that we're tracking for
you this morning. China's leading memory
technology says that [music] it has
begun mass producing an advanced type of
chip for mobile devices. It's become the
first Chinese company to compete in the
field [music] dominated by foreign
players like Samsung. The company says
it started shipping the advanced chips
to unnamed clients. Bloomberg has
learned that Germany is considering
using public funds [music] to pay
Deutsche Telekom and other operators to
replace Huawei equipment. Sources say
the cost could exceed 2.3 billion
[music] dollars and this also means
public funds will be used to upgrade
Germany's [music] digital
infrastructure, which lags behind many
other European countries.
Right.
Let's talk about
concentration risk, right? The role of
the dominance to be Let me rephrase it.
The dominance of tech in this rally in
this frenzy over
uh artificial intelligence has really
helped Asian stocks really perform. I
mean, you just look at Korea, for
example. It's also transforming, by the
way, uh the markets here in the region
in a way that actually has fund managers
racing
to keep up. Quite a dilemma there.
Uh when you have mandates that limit you
to a certain degree, to certain stocks.
Winnie Seu is here with us, our Asia
equities reporter, to talk us through
her piece for today, content creation
risk in Asian markets. How do we need to
be looking at this? Yeah, exactly. It is
that big change, I think, this year
that's changing the market quite a bit.
So, you look at different indices,
right? Because, for example, for the
Taiex, we have um the TSMC approaching
45% of the whole index. And then Samsung
plus SK Hynix about 30% of um overall
Kospi. And also Nikkei 225, now you have
Advantest, right? Um taking the top
number one weighting of the entire
index. So, it seems like really we are
seeing this tech dominance in Asia,
which doesn't usually is the case, you
know? So, it was usually a bit more
traditional, but it's now more tech
dominant. And we are seeing that
investors are really changing their
portfolios and changing their strategies
around this.
Yeah, what kind of issue does it create
for for fund managers, Winnie, here? And
And how are they navigating all this
now?
Yeah, Yvonne, exactly. So, especially
for the investors that are investing
against the benchmark of Asia ex-Japan.
So, for example, they have right now
with the benchmark TSMC already crossing
that 10% uh level. So, right now TSMC
accounts for about 12%. So, you have a
lot of funds um having that cap of
limiting their individual stock exposure
to less than 10%. So, that means that
they actually need to find other
opportunities to make sure that they
don't underperform these benchmarks. So,
some of the examples that we are hearing
is that one, you pick some of the
compet- uh the the ones that have these
competitive moats, whether it's Tencent,
Foxconn, uh industrials. So, um
investors piling into these names. Or
they're looking for opportunities along
uh TSMC's supply chain. So, some of
these Taiwanese uh tech names are also
benefiting from that kind of shift. So,
for these investors with that cap, you
are seeing that kind of rotation. And
for investors that are benchmarking
towards um for example, the MSCI Asia,
then you have TSMC or other companies
slightly less than 10% on the benchmark.
So, these fund managers are really just
rushing to add further tech exposure to
match the benchmark's gains. Are we
expecting this trend to continue?
For the time being, I think that's
really the narrative, especially when
you see all these surprise earnings,
right? Advantest had like um I think
they lifted their earnings um outlook
and also saying that they are expecting
this AI boom to last for multi-year. And
also Samsung SK Hynix also surprised the
upside. So, these are the the the new um
or fresh catalysts that are pushing for
tech um to really continue its rally in
Asia, but also beyond that um when we
spoke to Winnie Wu the other day from
Bank of America, she was also telling us
that this is the multi-year theme and
that China, Japan, and India actually uh
provides more diversification
opportunities. So, even when we have
tech dominance in Asia, it's still less
of a risk compared to the US. There we
go. This is our
This is a joke. A our version of weight
shaming. Look at TSMC, as Winnie was
just pointing out, right? We're nearing
50%
TSMC's weighting on the index. The rest,
couple of hundred more,
are the other side of that. Fantastic
piece, Winnie. Thank you so much, Winnie
Seu there
uh on the latest. You can read, by the
way, uh the take today. There we go, on
your screens.
On the Bloomberg terminal, [music] it's
also on Bloomberg.com.
Plenty more ahead.
>> [music]
>> Right, welcome back. So, in case you
missed this, we we did just get the uh
the latest official PMI numbers a few
minutes back, and it's the manufacturing
gauge, actually. So, a streak of below
50s.
Uh number one, and number two is when
you look at the forecast, the estimate
is 49.6. That's the median. If you look
at the low end, that's actually even
higher than the actual number. So, this
one actually missed uh just about
everything. Uh but also seasonal with
Golden Week. So, you do have that
somewhat of an aberration there. But
does this actually indicate that the
October activity numbers, uh which
should be out in a couple of weeks, 2
weeks or so, might also be on the softer
side of things. The currency certainly
adjusted once we did get that print uh
coming through. Okay, um that's the
number for now. We will just have a look
at earnings, too. Um so, you have the
likes of Well, not Alibaba and Baidu.
Alibaba and Baidu were just really on
the tech space, as well. We are getting
some pressure there. BYD is one watch,
given the reaction that we're seeing, uh
or or or allergic reaction to the
earnings. We were down as much as 6% at
one point. Uh so, you had a 33% drop in
net income. A lot less, but still a drop
in revenue. Um and we're going up
against the possibility possibility
because of uh we don't know what what
will happen to the subsidies next year.
Uh but HSBC
uh will be joining us in about 40
minutes from now. They do see the
possibility of a demand cliff
going into next year.
Uh around the subsidies conversation on
EVs, right? But when you look at the
overseas market, so their preference is
actually uh if you if you go with OEMs,
pick the OEMs with a big presence
outside. BYD is a very good example of
that. But if you had to pick within the
supply chain, within the auto sector,
it's OEM Well, it's not it's suppliers
over OEMs. Anyway, I'm not going to
steal say enough.
Say more and steal the thunder of of
Tingyu Chen, who'll be joining us uh in
about 40 minutes from now. Um the other
things worth noting is we're looking at
the banks.
Uh can I also ask my producers to bring
up the summary
of this earning season so far? It would
be good to touch on that, as well. Yeah,
nothing happened in the banks. Change
that, please. Um Wuliangye out with
earnings, as well, yesterday. And of
course, the day before we did get
earnings coming through out of uh
Kweichow Moutai. Yeah, nothing much
here. Okay, uh what else do we talk
about? Is Yvonne there? Let me see if I
can bring Yvonne in.
Yvonne, what's going on and what's going
on where you are? So, I think we have
all the leaders. Go ahead. Go ahead.
Yeah, you know, we're still waiting for
when President Xi is expected to make
that speech. CCTV says somewhere Friday
morning. Uh our schedules suggest that
it is in the later afternoon that we're
going to have this handover ceremony.
So, we're still kind of figuring out the
timing of this. But you talked about
some of the key bilaterals that Xi
Jinping has. It's a pretty busy day of
diplomacy after, of course, this big
trade deal with uh the US was at least
finalized in some way yesterday in
Busan. So, right? So, she's meeting with
Carney, uh also meeting with Takeichi
later on today. And as well, she's going
to meet with Lee Jae-myung, uh the South
Korean president, on Saturday, as well.
So, still looking at a bit more a busy
day when it comes to the Chinese
president here today. But yeah, you
mentioned that PMI number. I think it's
the longest streak of declines we've
seen for that PMI number of a
manufacturing side of things
in almost a decade, right? It begs the
question whether we're going to see a
bit more stimulus come through from
policymakers in the next coming weeks or
months.
Yeah, that I mean, we'll we'll we'll
see. We'll [music] see. Uh I think given
the fact that you are maybe slightly
getting a better picture in exports
because of the tariff conversation will
impact all of those themes. [music] The
next hour of the China show is just
ahead.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. And yes, when it comes [music]
to China and the US really dialing down
the temperature and trying to ease trade
tensions, it looks like that story
[music] we've looked past that here
right now. And we are seeing a little
bit of downside when it comes to Chinese
equities here this morning. Eight shares
seeing a downside about 4/10 of 1%. I
think earnings has been certainly one
disappointment there. You look at things
like the BYDs, like the liquor makers,
like Kweichow Moutai, Wuliangye this
morning, as well. We are seeing some
decent misses uh when it comes to the
earnings picture in China, Dave.
Yeah, I think it it really sums up, I
think, very I think quite accurately
what we've seen so far uh when you look
at the earnings picture. At MSCI China,
it's about 80% in, give or take. And I
think most
about 60% have actually missed the mark.
Where we have data, of course, to
compare the actual to the estimates. Um
and I think slightly less, about 50 just
over 50% have missed on uh on the top
line. Uh so, when you look at the
underlying state of the economy, it
really does underscore the challenges
there. You have 49, which missed every
single forecast. Uh the benchmarks are
coming up. BYD is coming up bottom up
the screens. And just to underscore, as
well, some of the pressure we're seeing.
Now, this doesn't also capture the
entire picture
as it pertains to equity markets in the
region today, right? Because on top of
all of this, you have the Apple story uh
and the after-hours move there. And the
lift that's actually giving uh Can we
look at Chinese benchmarks, please?
That's actually giving to US futures,
for example. We get We'll get into the
other sort of non- China-related themes
in a moment. There's also Japanese
interesting Japanese story today with a
2-year auction, I believe. And
dollar-yen, which was above 154, were
below that following the inflation
print, which BE now it
effectively
clears the path of rate hike at the next
next meeting. Some weakness coming
through?
Although we're coming off lows a little
bit on H stack. We were down over 1% a
few minutes ago. Right, just in case
we're looking at the support level one
that has held on MSCI China bottom of
the screens 8770
is the 50-day which at one point last
few weeks or so
there was it was at risk of a firm break
of that level. We did manage to close
above that and the last four instances
we've tested that has proved to be
fairly resilient. So, catch me when I
fall, catch you I will when you fall if
you fall. Okay,
Ron, let me bring it back in.
Yes, I always hope you can catch me when
I fall, too, David. There's shows.
That's why we got each other, right?
When you take a look at these equity
markets as well and what's really been
supportive is certainly one thing is
that you know, we have seen at least
both sides of the US and China here and
South Korea have worked to at least
de-escalate the the latest flare-up in
trade tensions, right? You talk about
you know, the fact that the US was able
to kind of resume the flow of rare
earths, soybeans. On the flip side,
China able to actually bring down tariff
levels or at least the US was able to
bring down tariff levels to 47% for
China. That should still keep the
manufacturing base in China relatively
speaking competitive to this part of the
world. So, certainly there are some
tangibles here. Morgan Stanley's coming
out with that latest note saying it's a
truce but not quite a treaty here
because given that there was no sort of
joint readout, nothing kind of was
signed. There is still some
vulnerabilities that things could fall
apart, right? Let's get to our chief
North Asia correspondent, Stephen Engle.
He is joining us now live outside the
leaders summit here in Gyeongju as we
kick off and countdown of course to that
speech from Xi Jinping. Steve, what's on
tap today?
Well, it wasn't really Well, first of
all, let me talk about yesterday. Just
picking up on what you you just said. It
really wasn't a trade treaty, was it? It
was a trade agreement between Donald
Trump and Xi Jinping based on that
framework agreement that the two sides
and the negotiators finally came to
agreement on after five sessions of
meetings, whether it's in London,
Geneva, and then Kuala Lumpur. So, the
the big question now is what is going to
be the follow-through because we've been
down this road before. We've seen
progress only to backslide because of
various issues that do crop up, whether
it be economic or geopolitical. So,
again, it's good that they're going to
revisit this. That's what Donald Trump
says. We have a deal. Now, every year
we'll renegotiate the deal, routinely
extended is how he put it. But already
we are hearing from the US trade
representative, Jamison Greer, speaking
on Fox Business essentially saying that
you know, we're still going ahead with
that investigation launched a little bit
about a week ago into China's compliance
in the first trade deal where the US
corn
association and the
soybean association say China fell well
short of its pledges to buy about $80
billion
worth of American ag products between
2020 and 2021. Granted, the pandemic
happened, the world shut down. So,
there's a bit of a pass on that front.
But again, we have to see the
follow-through from the United States
and also follow-through from China. Now,
spinning forward to today, Donald Trump
back in DC. It's Xi Jinping's stage
right now. He's going to be meeting with
Mark Carney of Canada, meeting with
Sanae Takaichi of Japan. He'll be giving
a speech we're hearing at some point
this today. So,
it will be his opportunity to kind of
give what I expect to be a similar type
speech and that is
you know, supporting the multilateral
approach to global trade.
Steve, let me let Steve, let me step in
here because I I just want to ask you
too what your sense is of the next 12
months, right? So, it seems we'll be
operating
on a sort of 12-month you know, forward
12-month window where there's going to
be a reset. Can we at least assume that
the temperature has been brought down
enough that the next 12 months
will be at least better and more
predictable than the last 12.
Absolutely, the temperature has been
brought down but it's like a fever. It
could spike upwards pretty quickly
depending on what happens, right? Or
what does not happen, meaning if there's
not compliance or perceived
non-compliance on these agreements,
right? So, there's going to be sticking
points. Even Xi Jinping mentioned that
when you have the two worlds the world's
two biggest economies, the world's two
biggest superpower, there's going to
they're not always going to see eye to
eye. There will be friction from time to
time. The key though is to use this as a
springboard to make sure that that
friction does not turn into an outright
fracas, right? So, again, it doesn't
necessarily mean there is peace between
the two countries. It means there is a
prolonged truce that they need to have
continual dialogue and continual
backchannel discussions. I think that is
going to be key. Keep in mind, we had
five meetings behind the scenes with the
negotiators, whether it was Scott
Bessent and Holly Fong, Liu He, Wang
Yang of the Chinese and also Jamison
Greer.
Howard Lutnick was involved. They got
this meeting yesterday done after five
meetings.
Previous administrations from the United
States and previous presidents of China
had ascribed to strategic economic
dialogues held every year to smooth out
these issues. They scrapped that in the
last decade. So, you know, there are
proponents who say we need this constant
dialogue. Yes, Xi Jinping, Donald Trump
had three phone calls in the last six
months. They had multiple letters
written to each other. They had constant
contact. That's what Xi Jinping says.
But it was not enough obviously over the
last six months to diffuse what was
tit-for-tat retaliation on each other's
moves.
Yeah,
it's a good way to point there, Steve.
At least they're you know, they're two
willing to meet, right? We talked about
April potentially there where you know,
Trump is going to visit Xi Jinping in
China followed by President Xi visiting
the US. So, certainly that means
exchange could continue maybe well into
at least a year. We'll see what happens
what comes next after that. Our chief
North Asia correspondent, Stephen Engle
there joining us there outside the
leaders summit here in Gyeongju. We got
more ahead coming up. This is the China
show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, we're joining you live from
Gyeongju here for us as we're expected
to hear from President Xi later on today
as well and certainly coming on the back
of what has been talked about as a
pretty successful discussions between
Presidents Trump and Xi. Let's bring in
our next guest, Jonathan Zion, who's the
Michael H. McFaul Chair in Foreign
Policy Studies at the Brookings
Institute. He's also a former China
director at the US National Security
Council. Jonathan, it's great to have
you on the program. You know, obviously
that you know, we talk about the
politics
aside, we were to take a look at when it
comes to the optics, right? Everything
seemed quite positive and flattery
certainly helped in all these
discussions. I'm just wondering beyond
just the optics, how long can this
détente between US and China last?
I think that this is likely to prove
pretty ephemeral, right? I think there
was some ambiguity in terms of the
agreement, right? Like even with the the
rare earth export
control
said that they would
previously that they would not be making
sales for to US defense industry for
instance, right? And I think we've seen
this play out in previous iterations of
the trade negotiations, right? Where the
deal kind of marks the beginning of the
actual negotiations where the two sides
have a contest over what was actually
encompassed in the negotiations. Right?
So, I think that that is probably likely
to be the story here again as well.
It it seems like with China
by holding off on rare earths, holding
off on buying US soybeans, they were
able to at least bring down effective
tariffs
as well as relaxed export curves from
the US.
Who do you think at the end of the day
came out stronger in these trade talks?
I think definitely China. I mean, they
conceded very little and I think what
those those rare earth export controls
signified in the run-up to this meeting
is that Xi Jinping
the the past year reacting to US policy
initiatives was really shifting from
playing defense to playing offense,
right? And I think what was key was
for him and from Beijing's perspective
where the the Trump adminis-
to mollify Beijing over the previous six
months.
relation and apparently a correct one
that he could make this move with him
not just with impunity but that it would
be useful for extracting concessions
from the US.
He played his hand quite well going into
this round of nego-
Jonathan, David here. I think we're just
going to work out your audio. I think
we're looking at some issues there with
with with Jonathan's audio. We'll try
and sort that for you and we'll try and
get him back once we're able to work out
some of the tech cobwebs there and some
of the gremlins and hopefully they
stay on the sidelines. Before we before
we get to that though and bring him back
almost quite timely as well. We are
getting some lines coming through. Let
me just bring up my my headlines here as
far as this meeting
the APEC leaders summit is concerned.
So, we are hearing from Xinhua
official
media reporting
the Chinese president
in what context and whether he's
speaking in a speech or two leaders is
unclear, but some of the lines coming
through here
talking about how the Chinese president
is calling to safeguard multilateral
trading system.
Um she is calling to build
open regional economic environment and
also to be promoting an investment and
liberalized investments, of course, a
more inclusive trade conversation. He's
also calling on APEC to join we keep the
supply chain stable. Okay, that's a bit
more pronounced and directed given the
recent news flow.
But so far, that's what we know so far.
We'll get you more details once we have
more information coming through. We'll
take a short break and we'll see you on
the other side
of it. This is the China Show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, we continue to get [music]
some lines crossing here from President
Xi Jinping according to Xinhua where he
is addressing APEC. And this is what
we're seeing so far. So jointly maintain
the stability of supply chains and he's
urging deeper cooperation in the
financial field, but really calling a
joint to sort of collaboration to keep
industrial supply chains stable and
smooth and to promote digitalization and
the greening of trade as well. So really
kind of honing in as Dave mentioned this
whole theme of inclusive development
here. And really China not to close the
door to the outside world will only open
and it's still wider. I think it's a
message to the world that you know China
is still open for business and still
wanting to do more, of course, in terms
of deals here. This on the back of what
we heard from this trade truce between
the US and China at least when it came
to rare earths that they are at least
suspending the export of uh curbs of
those critical minerals here for at
least a year and that was really what
led to a lot of concerns around
supply chains and the possible
disruptions on that given that these
critical minerals are going to
everything from EVs and and high-tech
technology. So certainly
he they're sending a message that
there's nothing to worry about and
really really reassuring the APEC
leaders out there here this as we
continue to see uh
more from that speech. Uh we'll get a
bit more once we do see it here. Still
with us is Jonathan Zin who's the
Michael Armacost Chair in Foreign Policy
Studies at the Brookings Institution.
Also former China Director at the US
National Security Council. Jonathan,
hopefully we fixed all the tech sort of
glitches and the like here. Um I wanted
to get your take on when it came to uh
with chips and really we didn't get much
clarity on really what the US approach
is when it comes to chip exports.
What do you think is going to be the
strategy moving forward from the US?
Because it seems like Maxwell Blackwell,
I should say, was not in these talks.
How much more clarity can we get on that
front?
Yeah, and I think what's really striking
from President Trump's comments on the
plane is how much ambiguity he left
about this, right? When he was asked on
Air Force One about this, he said,
"Well, that's between Jensen Huang and
the Chinese companies and we're just the
referee." Um you know, my my sense is
maybe that he was considering actually
moving forward with some kind of deal
um and may have gotten walked back from
it, but it's unclear and it seems like
he left the door, if not wide open, then
at least a jar to this possibility.
Right? And I think what they Beijing has
done effectively in these discussions is
after the Trump administration rolled
back the export controls on the H20,
instead of taking up the Trump
administration and the video on that
offer, what the Beijing did instead was
squeeze Nvidia. And I think this is very
much one of their tactics that they
don't punish their
enemies necessarily, they punish their
friends. And what this has led to is
Nvidia lobbying very hard for an
additional rollback of export controls
on their on their chips.
Jonathan, David here.
I I want to get your sense.
So what it's it's So I was trying to
I was try I was trying to think this
through this morning because there were
so many details that came out in terms
of what quote unquote was was achieved.
And it you know, not to take anything
away from it. It was it it was there was
some progress on many multiple specific
issues, but I just had a look at the
same list and it seems as if
both sides simply took back their
initial threats
to each other. And some of the I guess
they they they they really hardened
their positions ahead of these talks and
simply remove those those barriers. And
I wonder is is are either
is either side actually better off net
net or are we simply back to square one?
Let's call it 12 months ago.
Yeah, I I think that's right. I think
this is back to status quo ante. This is
like World War I style fighting, right?
Where there's advancement and then you
just revert back to your trenches,
right? And then I think well, I think
for Beijing in particular that's a win
because they did not want a trade war in
the first place, right? So and I think
their game in this is to play for time
as much as possible, right? So a turn to
status quo ante may not be totally
comfortable for them, but I think it's
far more preferable. But I think what
they've effectively done as part of
their negotiating tactics is
orchestrated a game of Whac-A-Mole for
the Trump administration. Right? So the
the really meaty and substantive trade
and macroeconomic concerns that
ostensibly animated the trade war in the
first place, none of those have really
been addressed in so far as I can tell
in these negotiations. Instead, what the
negotiations have centered on are these
relatively narrow
sectoral concerns or even specific firms
like TikTok, right? So we're talking
about soybeans and we're talking about
chips rather than talking about the
trade imbalances that President Trump
seemed so preoccupied with at the outset
of his administration.
Jonathan, we were able to see that China
using these sort of sweeping curbs on on
rare earths that they were able to at
least put a cap on export curbs on the
US. I mean, this is as we start to see
China
you know
try to at least develop itself into this
sort of tech industrial superpower.
Are we likely to see more examples of
China really changing the rules on trade
as it becomes more of a sophisticated
manufacturer?
Oh, I I I think so. I think so. I think
this is the thin end of the wedge and I
think it's it's a reflection of the
industrial might that they have
developed in recent years that they have
this so-called in the first place, but I
don't know if I broke up earlier, but I
think politically and diplomatically, I
think what we saw in the past month is
that Xi Jinping after spending most of
the past year reacting to US policy
initiatives was really shifting from
playing defense to playing offense and
trying to take the initiative and shape
and control the tempo and tenor of the
bilateral relationship. And I think if
that is the case, I think that we will
likely see more of these kind of bold
uh moves in the coming year, especially
because my understanding is that the
Trump administration is not yet done
with the tariffs and trade measures that
it wants to roll out, that there will
still be additional
uh trade investigations and sectoral
tariffs that will very likely be coming
down the pike in the coming years.
Which will give Beijing plenty of free
tax to make more big moves like this or
roll back the agreements that they that
they reached just just yesterday.
The one thing that I think
Trump didn't really budge on or at least
it wasn't discussed with Taiwan.
And Trump mentioned that Taiwan was not
even [music] brought to the table this
time around. Why do you think there was
a bit of a hesitation on the Chinese
side this time around, Jonathan?
I think it's twofold. One possibility
that I've heard is that China instead of
wanting to negotiate over this wants to
take a principled position and say this
is non-negotiable. This is our position
and we're not going to make it part of a
trade discussion or some other kind of
negotiation. So that's one possibility.
I think what's more likely though is
that I don't think that they trust that
Trump will will actually stick to any
kind of change in in rhetoric or
verbiage on the Taiwan issue even if
they push for it. Right? I mean, the the
changes that we're talking about for you
know, for those of us who are China
watchers and for the region are quite
significant, but the difference between
a not supporting Taiwan's independence
versus opposing it, which is the change
that Beijing was pushing for. You know,
that that subtlety can be can be lost on
any senior leader. And I I think they're
concerned that even if Trump uttered the
words that they they wanted him to, that
it wouldn't necessarily result in the
kind of policy changes that they would
necessarily want to see ensue.
Well, speaking of that, Jonathan, was
there anything you think not announced
publicly that actually could have been
discussed privately among the two sides
that might have material consequence in
terms of just forming the next 12
months? You what what what what do you
think what are the sort of known
unknowns at this point to the public?
Yeah, I mean, a couple of the known
unknowns. I was a little surprised,
frankly, that TikTok did not come up
during this conversation, especially
since that had been such a point of
focus previously. Um and I think more
broadly getting to how back to this idea
of how the
Beijing has orchestrated this game of
Whac-A-Mole for for the United States.
You know, it's a relatively truncated
conversation. A lot of the strategic
issues that have been a source of
tension and conflict, not just Taiwan,
but also South China Sea, uh China's
broader posture in the Indo-Pacific
region, those don't seem to have really
come up either in these conversations as
well. So compared to other bilateral
engagements, especially at this level,
this seems like it feels like a pretty
truncated conversation overall, right?
And I think it's reflective of the
administration's approach to China,
which is really I really suffers to some
degree of of trade myopia, right? To the
extent that they're focused on China,
they're really focused first and
foremost on trade issues, tech issues
and maybe some some other adjacent
issues as well.
Jonathan, what was also not discussed,
it seems, was was oil despite these new
sanctions from the US on Russia. Should
we expect the US to to be a bit more
loose when it comes to enforcing these
new sanctions on Russia and when it
comes to China?
It's possible. I mean, I do think it's
notable that President Trump said that
they did talk about talk about Ukraine
and that he claimed that Trump said
Trump said that she had had made
positive remarks on this, but uh
you know, if
Beijing is very much part of the problem
rather than the solution here, right?
So, I think that if if there is not kind
of uniform imposition of sanctions,
Beijing will see that as getting off the
hook for their support or extensive
support for Moscow's war against
Ukraine.
Jonathan, thank you so much, sir, for
the time. Jonathan Sin there, Michael H.
Uh Armacost, chair of uh foreign policy
studies at the Brookings Institution
here. He's He is uh also a former
director of
uh for China at the US National Security
Council. Just before we just take a
short break, we'll just take you to this
new note coming out of Morgan Stanley on
this very topic. So, good, but not maybe
good enough. Uh it is enough though what
was happened there [music] to
maybe put some slight upside risk
to the forecast for next [music] year,
but of course some of the thorny issues
will persist. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets are heading to lunch break here
right now and we are talking a little
bit more about equity markets are doing
quite well. Nikkei is up 1.2%. You're
still seeing some strength crossing to
the Japanese currency, 153.75, but still
uh you know, we're still kind of
digesting all the lines that we got from
the BOJ, of course, this week as well.
Those Tokyo CPI numbers certainly is one
thing to watch here this morning. Uh
overall consumer prices were higher than
expected there, 2.8%
year-on-year, Dave.
Yeah, we'll get the view from how that
actually changes if not cements or even
solidifies the view on the BOJ and that
hike that's coming out of Bloomberg
Economics in a moment, but just very
quickly so what's that done to the yen
trade? So, first the market had to react
and reprice
um on the more slightly more hawkish
Fed. So, we're coming off really one of
the strongest days for the US dollar in
several weeks. The Bloomberg Dollar
Index case in point, strongest in about
3 months that it took
dollar Japan to above 154 and then we
got the CPI print which then took it a
little bit below 154.
Uh JGBs also in focus because we do have
that 2-year auction, I believe, in about
an hour or so and let's look at the
curve and we're slightly Yeah, we're
pretty much down, but not by a lot
across the JGB curve there. Yvonne.
All right, our team at Bloomberg
Economics has been reacting, of course,
to that hot Tokyo CPI print. They're
saying that reading really puts the BOJ
on course for an early rate hike. We
also did hear from BOJ Governor Kazuo
Ueda on Thursday following that decision
to keep rates on hold.
We held today as we want to see more
data on domestic wage setting behaviors.
While uncertainty remains high in
overseas economies, if we're convinced,
we'll adjust rates regardless of the
political situation.
Let's bring in Taro Kimura from
Bloomberg Economics. He joins us live
from our Tokyo studios here this
morning. Taro,
uh you know, tell us a bit more about
your take on the data. I mean, this was
a surprisingly hot inflation print.
Right. Um today's Tokyo CPI for October,
which is a early indicator for national
gauges, so this is very important. This
is actually hot. Like it's it's jumped
from 2.4 to 2.8. Um of course, it's
partly uh
half of it it's more than half of it is
driven by uh Tokyo Metropolitan
Government policy uh to stop the waiver
for their water charges, uh which is
indifferent to the national gauges, but
still I think the reading is very hot
compared to the broader market
expectations, uh particularly for
services inflation. There are um
um inflation acceleration in uh
labor-intensive services such as hotel
fees as well as some leisure activities
reflecting a recovery in uh consumer
spendings as well as um what what uh
captured my eyes was the rebound in
goods inflation such as home appliances
such as uh
um
the refrigerator, which which was in
deflationary trend because of reflecting
the recent uh strengthening of the of
the yen entering this year, but probably
it's uh picking up again because of the
latest weakening of the yen.
So, it's the I guess to your point
there, Taro, it's the inflation that
matters, not so much the water, you
know, water bill adjustments or hotel
prices. So, what does it mean for the
BOJ? Uh what's the reality of the
meeting yesterday at the press briefing?
Um of course, uh the hotter inflation, I
think raised the odds for the BOJ's rate
hike in December in my point of view. Of
um it's a matter of timing. The
inflation is hot and I think uh markets
agree with that. So,
um the the what to watch is whether the
BOJ is going to hike in December or
later in January. And um but but at the
same time, today's data um
uh doesn't uh lock in the December hike
because the
the inflation jump is centered around uh
volatile hotel fees as well as some home
appliances. That doesn't mean the BOJ
can confirm uh the underlying inflation
is uh picking up. And uh Ueda is still
cautious uh on the timing of the rate
hike because the
lesson from last August market jolt is
the reminder that the Bank of Japan is
still a major uh central bank in the
world and its rate hike could trigger
um uh jittery markets. So, therefore, um
they they need they also need to
navigate the domestic political uh
situation, particularly when the
pro-stimulus prime minister is now uh in
the office. So, therefore, I think the
the BOJ will uh hike either in December
or January when market and Japanese
political and uh inflation data are uh
conducive.
Taro Kimura, our senior Japan economist
in Tokyo for us at Bloomberg Economics
there. Uh just to pick up the
conversations or from Japan, we're
looking at earnings. Specifically, we're
looking at BYD and some of the
automakers. So, we're down about four.
We were down as much as six or over 6%
at one point. So, in fact, we were
trading at about nine I think it was 98.
Uh so, we're back above, which is
strange for me to say, back above the
centennial level here on the share
price. Our next guest actually maintains
a buy rating on the stock. Uh does see a
recovery underway that positions BYD for
a stronger quarter ahead. Joining us
here in set is Bin Yu Chen. He's head of
China auto research at HSBC Global
Research. Very nice to see you here.
Thank you, David. Uh so, what worries
you about these earnings and what
doesn't worry you? Yeah, sure. So, first
of all, it's a recovery quarter or a
transition quarter. Also, we already
know like quarter-on-quarter
perspective, the volume even down a
little bit, but BYD do demonstrate a
strong earnings resilience
supported by the price discipline and
opex efficiency. And I got to say um the
company is geared for a much stronger
fourth quarter and the 2026. 2026 is
actually the real story here. So, where
in the first quarter BYD going to push
the super e-platform where they're going
to lead uh the technology innovation and
also uh followed by a portfolio um
um portfolio model cycle uh refresh and
also they have a very strong global
reach uh where the the pricing
environment is much more favorable, so
does the the margin. Additionally, last
but not the least, I would say BYD's
conservative accounting treatment is a
hidden asset, which allowed uh they they
they're being accelerating depreciation,
so which allowed them more uh earnings
flexibility in the coming 2 years. Mm.
That's that's cute when when when they
do that, right? It's not very obvious in
the financial performance. Okay, what
So, 2026 you say is the year to watch.
What happens if we don't get more
subsidies?
Yeah. Uh I would say broadly, that's why
the OEM sector has been weak lately uh
because we're now sitting at the fourth
quarter peak season, but everyone knows
uh it's because of partly because of the
front-loading sales because the EV
subsidy going to phase out by the end of
the year and also the the the EV uh tax
exemption going to be halved starting
from the beginning of the next. So,
we're getting the hits. It's probably
followed by first quarter demand demand
cliff. So, we're going through this this
kind of cyclicality. So, but that's also
create uh a very favorable if any beta
sell-down. That should create a good uh
entry opportunity for uh leader stock
like BYD.
What about when it comes to the overseas
expansion? It seems like there's it's
going to be a pretty pivotal year next
year, 2026, Yu Chen. Uh they're talking
about ramping up operations in Brazil,
Indonesia, Hungary and the like. I mean,
how likely do you think that's going to
offset what we're seeing domestically in
China?
Yeah, sure. So, I would say domestic um
in the home market, we do see BYD might
reclaim um part of the domestic market
share back next year because they're
going to have a a
platform refresh. Usually, BYD has been
leading the technology innovation, which
will give them more pricing power and
content competitiveness in the domestic
market. So, once they started to refresh
the portfolio, we do see the domestic
market they will be uh reclaiming the
market share. Um and for the overseas,
it will stay solid. Uh they're shooting
towards 1.6 million next year from a
base of 0.9 to point um point um around
0.9 million this year. So, of um a not
low base, they're still going to sustain
strong growth since they have been
localized
localized in their global plants which
will support their product pipeline and
also brand presence in a broader global
market.
And I would stress the global pricing
and the market environment is much more
favorable. So we would say a strong
pillar from the overseas also to support
and provide buffer for the domestic
market.
Yeah, one of the key positives was sort
of the improvements that we're seeing in
gross margins, right? I think some of
the cost reductions in the second
quarter certainly help with that. We're
talking about what? 17.6%
for gross margins now. Are we likely to
see it basically stay around the high
teens? What's your expectation?
Yes, I would say starting from fourth
quarter and into next year we do expect
the margin to continue to improve. I
mean the major factor we're watching in
the fourth quarter versus third quarter
would be a much
much improved economic scale. Let's say
volume we forecast the fourth quarter
volume versus third quarter will be
quarter-on-quarter growth will be more
than 30%. So significant economic of
scale and also a better product mix
would support on the margin side.
The let's I want to broaden the view
across the sector because you covered
not just the OEMs, right? So if you had
to pick, are you more do you prefer OEMs
or do you prefer something down the
supply chain like like suppliers for
example? What what's a more risk reward?
What's better for investors? Yeah, for
current quarter we would say quality
supplier especially the supplier names
with more global exposure such as
cattle, such as Fuyao Glass. So from
earnings perspective, we know
OEM is sitting on the fourth quarter
cyclical peak and next first quarter
next year going to be more volatility
being seen in earnings over there. So I
would say in a in the current quarter
and and potentially next quarter we
would see supplier in relative terms
among the auto universe better
positioned than OEM in general.
The it seems
both on OEM and supplier side one of the
criteria using is really
overseas market exposure.
Is that a good barometer in terms of
being able to pick at least the
near-term winners? I would say in a in a
general sense it is because generally no
matter it's OEM or the suppliers,
overseas exposure do speak for better
margin and pricing environment. So
generally overseas business is carries
higher weight in terms of the profit
contribution than the volume or the
revenue share.
>> Okay, but I think there's a butt coming.
It looks like you're going to okay,
what's that? What's the qualifier then?
Is there a domestic market? What's the
what's what are the theme the key the
key drivers there domestically speaking?
So domestically speaking I would say
it's about whether you have the key
differentiation. Let's say in China you
have a new product cycle. If you you
have a technology edge that would be the
key differentiation. Yeah. Okay,
I know we talked about this before this
anti-evolution conversation and it's
it's down to at least as far as the OEMs
are concerned almost self-policing. Are
you seeing any signs of price this price
pressure starting to go a price
competition starting to abate? Yeah,
great question. I know. So I think BYD
do demonstrate a very strong price
discipline since the anti-evolution. But
I think we we do see like from industry
perspective many laggards has been
refreshing new model at very
relatively low price. So they have been
getting market share from a short period
of time. So we do see the consolidation
is taking a pause. That's the what we've
been observing in the past quarter. So
it's basically reversing the the overall
consolidation trend we've been talking
about. But starting from next year we do
see the trend probably reverse back on
track to the industry ultimately still
due for
a thorough consolidation. So because BYD
going to have the new platform and and
they can refresh their portfolio where
they can reset the pricing. So I think
the dynamic would change although
currently it's still like industry's
consolidation is still taking a pause.
But we do believe that going to reverse
starting from next year. And you know I
I know the assumption is the the end of
subsidies this year. Is that is that
base case? Is there any indication we
could get some version of that extended
into or introduced reintroduced next
year? What's the what are the some of
the scenarios you're gaming out?
>> Sure. So so far we don't have the
clarification. And I would say if I'm
the policy maker, I wouldn't tell you
until the end of the year. If I tell you
it's going to extend then you will not
buy. So so far we don't have it but
let's say usually by the end of the year
or early next we'll get more visibility.
So far the industry or the sales channel
the OEM still building the base case the
subsidy going to phase out. So I'm going
to push the sales by the end of the year
as much as possible. Fantastic. Thank
you so much. It's always great to see
you and speak with you. Great insights
there out of HSBC. That's Ting Yu Chen
there, head of China auto research at
HSBC Global Global Research. Okay,
Yvonne I believe we have some breaking
news right now. What is Yeah, why don't
you take over? What do we know and what
are we seeing here?
Okay, we are just getting some lines of
course from the Federal Aviation
Administration in the US. They're
issuing a ground stop at the Newark
Liberty Airport there on staffing. So
this has been something that we've been
tracking all week here.
They're issuing that ground stop citing
staffing issues. So
we'll we'll see we hear a bit more. I
mean yesterday they already talking
about average delays of 40 minutes due
to some of the staffing issues. So
certainly that's one thing to watch here
that's happening in New York here this
morning.
We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. It's time for our trending
in China segment. We're looking at some
what what's really making headlines
across Chinese media national newspapers
sparking conversation when you look at
parts of social media. So you have state
media and certainly the the big story of
course this week was the big meeting and
you have state media portraying
the meeting between the two presidents
as vital for steering relations between
the two
large economies. Let's bring in Min Lo,
our China correspondent on what the tone
is like when you look across this sort
of broad spectrum of media. Yeah, I
would say it is mildly positive but
there has been a flurry of these state
media editorials across the different
platforms from Xinhua to Global Times,
the China Daily and People's Daily.
And the theme here they're all quoting
heavily from President Xi's remarks of
President Trump saying that China and US
should be friends and partners, that
they can uplift each other
and that China's growth and development
actually is compatible with the MAGA
theme, right? To make America great
again. And the Global Times in
particular is saying that there has been
views from Washington that is you know
creating a lot of fallacies about China
talking about how China's growth is over
and that China is seeking to replace US
as a hegemony. That these are you know
the articles are saying that these are
not true and calling for US and China to
maintain that stable relations. And I
want to read you this quote from
People's Daily. It says that if both
sides faithfully implement the key
consensus based on mutual respect then
they can steadily reduce areas of
disagreement. And why that is important
is because I think the big fear now for
Beijing is now that they have like
cooled down the temperature between Xi
and Trump, the concern is that President
Trump and his administration might come
up with unilateral actions that is
beyond the scope of what was discussed
and that comes out of the left field for
them because we have seen this pattern
of tension, escalation and
de-escalation. I think China wants to
avoid that. One of the reasons that they
don't like speaking to the Trump
administration is that they feel like
they can't trust their words and how
credible they are, right? In keeping to
their commitments. So a lot of the
articles are talking about fulfilling
and following through on these consensus
that are reached during the Trump-Xi
meeting to ensure that the path remains
stable and they continue to have a a
slow and steady path to the to the right
direction.
All right, Min Min thank you. Our China
correspondent Min Min Lo there.
What's trending when it comes to local
media there and how they are
phrasing of course what happened here in
Busan yesterday. Let's get to some big
corporate stories now. Changing memory
technologies is one thing that we're
watching out for when it comes to its
latest chip. They've begun mass
producing an advanced type [music]
of semiconductor for mobile devices. Now
it's become the first Chinese company to
compete in a field dominated by foreign
players like [music] Samsung. The
company says it started shipping the
advanced chips to unnamed clients.
Bloomberg has learned [music] that
Germany is considering using public
funds to pay Deutsche Telekom and other
operators [music] to replace Huawei
equipment. Sources say the cost could
exceed $2.3 billion.
This also [music] means public funds
will be used to upgrade Germany's
digital infrastructure which lags behind
many other European [music] countries.
Right, for our Bloomberg clients if you
want to rewatch our show you can go to
your TV function TV go on your Bloomberg
terminals be part of the conversation
[music]
send us instant messages. If you don't
want to rewatch our show, well that's
that's that's that's on you really.
Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
All right, we're checking out the
earnings this morning as well. Amazon
shares soared in late trade after
[music] its cloud unit posted the
strongest growth rate in almost three
years. Their quarterly revenue jumped
20% [music]
on year to $33 billion. dollars.
Investor expectations for the cloud
business were relatively low after the
company had warned of constraints in
getting new data centers online. [music]
Oil giant Shell has beaten estimates on
profit and maintained share buybacks
while paying down debt showing its
resilience to weaker oil prices.
>> [music]
>> The third quarter performance was held
by stronger oil and gas trading, a vital
part of the business that struggled
earlier in the year [music]
amid geopolitical volatility.
Chinese solar giant Longi Green Energy
narrowed losses in the third quarter
[music] helped by Beijing's campaign to
curb cutthroat competition in the
industrial sector. The company reported
a net loss of 117 million dollars. It
says cost reduction measures helped
lower manufacturing costs and shrink
impairment losses.
All right, let's take you straight back
now from well, in some ways from the sun
to our coverage on the ground at the
Apex Summit and of course it's been a
manic week. Yvonne's been tossed all
over the place.
She made her way from Hong Kong,
scrambled into where she is right now,
middle of the night got woken up and say
hey, we're headed to Busan and then
she's now back to where she is right now
and we're just about wrapping up the
show. Her her work's not done because a
lot more ahead, right? We still have a
speech I believe from the Chinese
president still set to speak is my
understanding our understanding. Jane
Fraser at City's also set to speak among
others and I think Nvidia's Jensen Huang
is also making making it seems like
anything he touches and talks about just
seems to be turning into gold here,
Yvonne.
Oh man, yeah. I mean, before we get to
the fried chicken, I want to talk about
what what people are likely going to ask
him, right, later on because Right. the
whole issue of Blackwell chips, right?
The fact that President Trump said
he was going to discuss it with Xi and
then he unsaid that wasn't discussed
after this meeting. In fact, it he
really kind of put the onus back on
Nvidia saying it's up to you to just
discuss with the Chinese on allowing
access of Nvidia chips to the mainland
other products
besides Blackwell, right? So, certainly
there's a lot of uncertainty about what
this means when it comes to chip exports
from the US.
And I think a lot of questions going to
be getting his reaction to the fact that
Blackwell was not discussed. I think he
really had his lobbying a long time for
that to be part of the discussions. But
then again, we've got to talk about, you
know, yeah, anything he touches, right?
Anything from chips to even fried
chicken, right? If you take a look at
what happened yesterday, I was watching
the local media
during that bus to Busan, by the way,
while we were coming back from these
trade talks.
He was he it was just in Seoul where
basically the three big tech giants,
right? You're talking about Samsung's JY
Lee there, Hyundai, that's the big
leader there and then Jensen Huang in
the middle. They made it look quite Of
course you're going to get chicken and
beer in in Seoul, right, while you're
there. And this little outing itself was
enabled to actually move markets, right?
It's not even the the place they went
to. That place is not even listed,
Kangbu Chicken, which I believe was also
made viral when it there was a mention
in Netflix of Netflix show as well. But
even just enough to to send the rivals
surging as much as 20% today after these
photos of these three big CEOs had a bit
of a gathering here and went viral on
social media.
I love it.
Yeah, absolutely, right? So, there we
go. On your screens, market reaction to
the the partaking of the the the fried
bird.
We also talked about Hyundai, right?
That's also coming up. That's also
actually catching a very strong bid on
the back of again, Jensen Huang
and the Hyundai story and the tie-up
there. It's rare that you see Hyundai up
this much, but yes, here here we are as
far as that's concerned. So,
indeed, the the the influence coming
through and really coming out of Nvidia.
You can really also make Yvonne that
sort of analogy with all these deals
that are really boosting the the
valuations of AI and
just a very strange way to end the show
talking about how it's all to permeating
in the form of extremely crispy fried
chicken and a cold beer. Happy Friday to
all of you. We'll see you all on Monday.
>> [laughter]